SRS – Shy2ask

Service at

Hosteurope : https://www.hosteurope.de/en/

Login

Guido.sen@protonmail.com

Shy2asK@com767

Go to → Product Admin – WebHosting. (check the settings, let us know if it needs to be
transferred to other host – task developers)




Url of domain at the moment http://shy2ask.com/
        - best would be to change to https://shy2ask.com (open question Jayakar what
          you think?)

MVP

   1. It should be only accessed ISSO Switzerland, for other countries write “service
      coming soon.. “ also you can only create the account if you are in Switzerland
      (outside not possible, except what we can’t control like vpn Switzerland login)
2. Style of home page should be very simple and in style of comics/cartoons from the
   70s or 80s

3. Logo should be text: Shy2Ask. And style in 70s or 80s comics/cartoons in a speech
   bubble
   Something like that:




4. Background.. I have made one in 2010 but can’t find it anymore
   but idea is something like this / a crowd where 2-3 people stands out, in background
   a city and . + you would have some bubbles.. whit shy questions




5. Service of the page

   - the service of the page is very simple, you are shy to ask someone for something
   which you would like to have
   - as it should be that the requestor, give us (shy2ask) the information about what he
   wants to ask someone which he/she is shy to aks…. We will do it for those persons.
   so they don’t feel.. bad to ask a question… with a possible business out of it..
   but its always like… the requestor doesn’t want that the recipient knows from whom
   came the question.. as the person is shy.. of maybe good reasons

   - example: I don’t like this guy.. if I would ask her/him…. She/he would never give
   me the answer

   for example… I like his special car… I want to have the same… would he sale me the
   car ? … so he can make the request via Shy2ask… the requestor will give us the
   necessary information… to contact.. the person of the car.. without knowing the
   requestor…. And we will do the question… like in this example…. Would you sale the
   car? What would be your price?... if we get a answer… we will charge.. the
   requestor.. sending him the answer…. Or in case if he will sale the care… it will go
   through our hands.. and we will charge something 1-2%of the sale price



6. Therefore … the requestor needs to give us the contact of the person… e-mail, mail
   address or telefon mobile number -- and we will do it for the shy person


7. The requestor should be able in our page to send images, videos, text description

8. To create an account is for free

9. As soon the person want seriously that we contact the other person.. we will do and
   charge for the service … like to write an mail.. if the requestor provides the mail
   address. 1CHF…. If we should write a letter… 10CHF…. If we should contact via
   mobile 20CHF plus conversion per minute 1CHF

10. Disclaimer, like we will not do any violent or outlaw requests-- like an order

   - I hate this guy… you seems to be strong guy (person we (shy2ask) should contact).. I
   want to ask you.. I will give you 1000CHF if you will.. beat down this person..
   like such cases.. weapons deal, etc. not possible
